short while back i switched to the new
blade stealth after my old one died and
in this video i outlined my reasons for
switching which ultimately came down to
they were bad and i should have waited
for alex to come back from vacation
because he knows what's best for me
since then i've actually been daily
driving the xps 13 two and one though
which i love other than its lack of i o
but
what we have right here could change all
that
this
might look like a normal razor blade
stealth
but it is much more than that and the
thought of being able to game on the
road without needing an external
graphics card
sounds pretty darn tempting
ltt fans are going to get 10 off ifix's
holiday sale with offer code minus10 so
grab that protec toolkit you've been
wanting to buy or get it as a gift this
holiday season it's ifixit.com linus
down below
[Music]
for the most part the razer blade
stealth remains unchanged but
that's a good thing size shape and the
weight are all the same in spite of the
big upgrade the anemic mx-150 which we
consider to be basically a pointless
power sync due to its lack of
performance last time around has been
replaced with an nvidia
gtx 1650 max q
now
obviously this is still not going to be
a gaming beast like the blade 15 but
given the portability of the stealth
this is a huge deal i mean
many have tried to combine the best of
portability and performance and some
like the original blade 14 the alienware
m15 they get close
but this is something different this is
a three pound machine that is just over
15 millimeters thick and yes
that is a real
aaa game running on it
but how well do they run well first up
we've got rainbow six siege and we're
able to maintain nearly 100 frames per
second on ultra detail with the minimums
barely dropping below 60 fps
this excellent showing continues in doom
2016 and shadow of the tomb raider where
you might need to drop the details a bit
to get a solid 60 fps but it is
certainly attainable so
i think it's fair to say that when it
comes to esports titles or slightly
older games you'll be having a
shockingly good experience
now on to the big guns though
can this mini monster chew through
rockstar's famously poorly optimized red
dead redemption 2 now in fairness to it
we did test this the week of launch so i
hope the game runs better by the time
this video comes out but yeah screw it
we're doing it raw
and hey that's actually not bad
it's not great
we're running mostly on low with
occasional drops below 30 fps but
another way to look at this is hey
you're playing basically the most
demanding game on the market anywhere at
console frame rates
now all this testing was done at 1080p
the resolution of the display behind me
which brings us to one of the largest
shortcomings of the stealth gtx when it
comes to gaming the highest refresh rate
available on this machine is just 60
hertz now it's not a bad panel it's
factory calibrated and looks pretty darn
good to the eye but given that there are
thousand dollar gaming laptops out there
with high refresh rate displays i would
like for it to at least be an option
here because this thing would easily
pump rocket league at over 100 fps
alternately instead of a high refresh
rate option i would at least enjoy
having a 1080p touchscreen option there
is a 4k touchscreen but like come on
guys it's 13 inch i do not need 4k at
that size and it's a little rich for me
at 200 additional dollars although with
that said the change from plastic to
glass on the bezels does class up the
joint a little so all right then since
the display is clearly aimed more at
creatives or mobile professionals than
really your hardcore gamers how is the
blade stealth as a mobile workstation
the four core core i7 1065 g7 is pretty
snappy for light tasks ramping up to a
respectable 3.9 gigahertz at times
but when we hit it with an all-core load
it settled in at just 1.9 gigahertz
the good news here i guess is that
temperatures are kept in check while all
this is happening but the 15 watt power
limit seems to really prevent this chip
from stretching its legs so in the real
world what this means is that while
you're on the go the blade stealth will
be powerful enough to photo or video
edit without much trouble so if you're
doing that casually it's a great choice
but if you're doing it professionally
you'd want to step up to a blade 15 or a
dell xps so that you can use six cores
or more running at peak performance to
chew through your renders on that
subject we're actually reviewing dell's
version of the xps 13 with a six core
cpu so make sure you're subscribed so
you don't miss that one thing to note is
that as your video editing or gaming the
palm rest area can get pretty toasty now
for some canadians i could see that
being a feature but i'm well equipped
with warm comfy clothing thanks to
ltgstore.com
so it was kind of a drag for me
so then we can safely say that the blade
stealth gtx is a
powerful enough
for a little machine laptop but how does
it fare as a super portable thin light
well one area where razer never
disappoints is in the quality and
rigidity of their laptop chassis this
all aluminum frame feels super solid
with none of the surfaces yielding in
the normal problem areas the design
overall is understated like besides the
rgb on the keyboard the thing is
basically just a matte black rectangle
and we consider that to be a good thing
one of the things i actually miss most
too about the stealth is the i o with
dual type a ports and two type c ports
both with charging and one with full
thunderbolt 3 functionality along with a
headphone jack the only dongle you
really need is a type c to hdmi
unfortunately what i don't miss is the
keyboard the things i liked are still
here the switches have a nice snappy
feel and there are almost no
stabilization issues but the small
annoyances add up to making this one of
the most frustrating laptops that i have
ever used
first up the backspace backslash and
enter are all too small and the edges of
the device are a little bit on the sharp
side which can be uncomfortable if you
have larger hands
but i could have forgiven all of those
things the reason i stopped using this
laptop is the shortened right shift key
like
i just don't get it is the lead keyboard
designer at razer a hen pecker because
there's no other scenario that i can
imagine where they would allow something
this stupid to occur
what makes it particularly egregious is
that if you miss the tiny shift key and
instead accidentally bump both the shift
key and the up arrow while you're
reaching for it you will successfully
highlight your entire current row of
text and then assuming you don't notice
because you're typing immediately right
over it this happened so often while i
was taking notes in meetings that with a
couple weeks into using this thing my
entire staff would start yelling at me
every time it happened for me to ditch
it for a different laptop
now i'm sure there's some reason that
they couldn't move the arrow keys down
and then elongate the shift like on the
regular blade but this is how it is
and the cold hard truth is i'm not a fan
as for the trackpad i still think it's
great but the funny thing is on the last
unit i was using it actually broke in
this really weird inconsistent way that
led me to question whether it was
actually broken or if i just sucked at
using it turns out yes it was broken and
it was one of the worst track pad
experiences that i've had in quite a
while now this one's fine and given that
none of the other blade stealths that
i've ever used have had this issue i
can't say definitively that it's a
common problem
but the thing is that given our past
experiences as a whole with razer's
laptop build quality i don't feel like i
can just
not include mentioning it
what i also need to mention is the
battery with 53 watt hours of juice the
total raw capacity of the stealth gtx is
pretty similar to other ultrabooks like
the xps 13 or surface laptop
but the addition of a gpu and a
particularly beefy one does drop your
battery life significantly down to
between five to six hours in our testing
now that's actually pretty reasonable
but it's still a pretty big drop from
the eight to 10 that we got with the
integrated gpu and it does take the
stealth gtx out of the all day battery
category
so then once again would i recommend the
razer blade stealth gtx well with the
1650 version starting at eighteen
hundred dollars you need to be sure that
both the portability and performance are
absolutely necessary for you because
there are certainly cheaper options if
you're willing to sacrifice one of them
but if you have the cash hate
compromises and you're just plain suck
at typing then i think it's a great
option just like watching another ltt
video how about the one i did on the xps
13 2 in room we're gonna have that link
down below
micro center has 25 locations across the
us and they are featuring the main gear
vibe one pc exclusively available at
micro center it's got a core i9 9900k an
rtx 2080 ti and much more and if you buy
it in store there's a 500 discount on
the pc
if you're not near a micro center no
problem you can also buy the system off
amazon check it out at the link in the
video description
so thanks for watching guys if you're
looking for another video to watch we
already suggested one so i guess we're
done here subscribe